c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp5\WindowsFormsApp5\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp5\WindowsFormsApp5\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp5\WindowsFormsApp5\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp5\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormApp5.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp5\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.Home.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp5\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp5\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormApp5.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp5\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormApp5.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp5\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp5\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp5\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.Books.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp5\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.Deposit.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WindowsFormsApp5\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.Users.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MuahmmedKüden_Proje\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormApp5.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MuahmmedKüden_Proje\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.Books.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MuahmmedKüden_Proje\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.Deposit.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MuahmmedKüden_Proje\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.Home.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MuahmmedKüden_Proje\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MuahmmedKüden_Proje\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.Users.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MuahmmedKüden_Proje\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormApp5.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MuahmmedKüden_Proje\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormApp5.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MuahmmedKüden_Proje\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.exe
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\MuahmmedKüden_Proje\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.pdb
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\SEN\DB2 Proje\MuahmmedKüden_Proje\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormApp5.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\SEN\DB2 Proje\MuahmmedKüden_Proje\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.Books.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\SEN\DB2 Proje\MuahmmedKüden_Proje\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.Deposit.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\SEN\DB2 Proje\MuahmmedKüden_Proje\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.Home.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\SEN\DB2 Proje\MuahmmedKüden_Proje\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\SEN\DB2 Proje\MuahmmedKüden_Proje\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.Users.resources
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\SEN\DB2 Proje\MuahmmedKüden_Proje\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormApp5.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\SEN\DB2 Proje\MuahmmedKüden_Proje\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormApp5.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\SEN\DB2 Proje\MuahmmedKüden_Proje\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.exe
C:\Users\ASUS\Desktop\SEN\DB2 Proje\MuahmmedKüden_Proje\WindowsFormsApp5\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApp5.pdb
